[ Woman ]
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy.
[ Jax ]
I found a box
in the storage unit.
There’s, like, pictures
and journals.
Things I never knew about him.
When you and Dad hooked up,
he ever talk to you
about his vision?
About what he wanted
from the club?
Jax is goin’ through some shit.
He asked me if John
wanted to get into
running guns.
Tonight he said maybe
we shouldn’t rebuild
the factory.
I just wanna make sure
he’s following
in the right father’s footsteps.
[ Motorcycles Passing ]
Whoo!
[ Tig Laughing ]
[ Gemma ]
Let’s go into the photo booth.
Come on.
Let me give you
a quick hand job.
I already got a picture of that.
This time it’ll be my hand.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, come here.
[ Gasps ]
Whoa-ho-ho. Put me down.
Oh, baby.
You bad.
You bad, girl.
[ Clay ]
Republican, 12:00.
Oh, come on.
I don’t want to.
Please.
[ Man ]
Hey, Clay.
- How you doin’, Elliot?
- Okay, Clay.
Karen.
[ Karen ]
Hey.
I’m gonna go to the Spinout.
Tristen, you’ve been on it
four times already.
I know.
Hey. Here.
That’s not necessary.
That’s a’ight.
They kicked me off ’cause
I was screaming too loud.
What do you say?
- Thanks.
- You got it.
We gotta go.
Bye.
[ Quietly ]
Come on.
[ Jax ]
Come on. Come on.
Man. You’d think
with all that money...
they could pay someone
to remove those sticks
shoved up their asses.
Mm-hmm. Maybe he’s just
a little paranoid some
of his country club cronies...
are gonna see him talkin’
to the outlaw.
Come on.
I need to talk to the outlaw.
Ooh.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Man ]
Okay, you’re good.
You’re good.
You’re daddy throws
like your mommy.
He wear a bra and panties
to your games?
Come on.
Try it again, hotshot.
Aw, come on.
Where you goin’?
[ Father Grunts, Scoffs ]
Five more bucks,
your son will be convinced
you’re a loser.
Darby’s guys?
I don’t
recognize ’em.
Ooh, look
at the big, bad bikers, huh?
Gonna get Clowny all wet, huh?
[ Laughing ]
- [ Laughing ]
- [ Bobby ]
Come on, Jax. Come on.
Ah.
What’s the matter, tough guy?
Can’t put the little ball
in the tight hole?
- Bet all your leather-wearin’
butt buddies say the same.
- Oh, no. That’s a Bozo no-no.
Oh, Jesus, you guys.
I was just screwin’ around, man.
Come on!
Yeah, clown boy.
You’re goin’ down.
[ Whooping ]
You got
that cotton candy?
Right here.
Nice.
There you go.
Thank you very much, ma’am.
[ Laughing ]
Aw–
[ Clicks Tongue ]
I can barely see it.
Gimme that.
[ Paper Tears ]
Hey,
the Irish
are comin’.
Go find the others.
Okay.
Sorry, baby. I might have to...
finish you off later.
Yeah, I heard that before.
Gimme some more quarters.
I’m goin’ back in the booth.
You think the prospect’s
deep enough?
May only have one nut,
but it’s a big one.
I trust him.
- Hey, prospect!
- Huh?
Come on over here.
Learn a thing.
[ Tig ]
Hurry up. Hurry up!
Don’t get hit.
[ Truck Engine Stops ]
[ Juice Laughing ]
Don’t screw this up, Sack.
Good to see you, Michael.
[ Juice ]
There you go, Half-Sack.
Boys are bringin’
the ladies here.
Russian ladies?
62’s and AK’s.
Fresh from the Kremlin.
Yes.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Juice ]
Hey, no fightin’.
No fightin’.
Got all the parts, a couple
of assembled samples.
- [ Men Affirming, Chattering ]
- [ Juice ]
Got them AK’s.
God bless Gorbachev.
That’s it.
You got that right.
[ Michael ]
Sláinte.
Niners torched the warehouse...
where we store
and assemble our weapons.
Holy shite.
- What does that do to business?
- Ah, we just bought nine acres
on the edge of Amador County.
We start rebuilding,
we’ll be up and runnin’
in two, three months.
Can’t you assemble ’em here?
We learned our lesson
the hard way. We don’t
cross our money streams.
This is strictly a legit
automotive business.
So that means
you go three months without
buyin’ the weapons from us?
Sam Crow’s a huge piece
of our income.
Gotta make
the adjustment, right?
I mean, it’s part of business.
This isn’t a business
for us, brother.
True I.R.A.
We’re not merchants.
We’re soldiers.
The guns we sell fuel the cause.
Without it, we lose ground.
We support the cause, McKeevy.
Shit like this just happens.
- We’ll have our guns
up and runnin’ in no time.
- That’s the problem. No time.
Three weeks would cripple us.
Three months, we can’t wait
for that.
What the hell are you sayin’?
I’m sayin’ if you can’t front us
the cash in the downtime,
we’re gonna have to find
a new buyer.
I’ve been buying guns from you
for over a decade, Michael.
When you split from Adams,
I stayed with you
’cause of our friendship.
You stayed with me ’cause
the other cowards sold out.
We’re the only outlaws left.
Now don’t
take this personal, Clay.
Your warehouse burnin’ down
is a casualty of commerce.
You lose our guns,
that’s a casualty of war.
Tristen!
[ Quietly ]
Where is she?
Tristen!
What’s goin’ on?
We can’t find Tristen.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, she must
be here somewhere.
No, we’ve looked everywhere.
She’s not on any
of the rides.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Tristen.
[ Gasping, Groaning Softly ]
[ Siren Wailing
In Distance ]
[ Sniffles, Whimpers ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Chibs ] McKeevy’s gonna want
his usual per-month order
and a month’s insurance.
I can’t get my hands on 200K.
I got every spare cent
tied up in the rebuild.
So what do I tell him?
How much time do we have?
Well, he’s going up north
tomorrow. Don’t know
for how long, but...
when he gets back,
he’ll want his cash
before he goes to Dungloe.
[ Vehicle Horn Honks ]
Tell the shamrock
I’ll give him his money.
But I want you to go with him.
Courtesy escort. Let me know
who he’s meetin’ with.
[ Engine Approaches,
Idling, Stops ]
Who’s the dude in the Benz?
Elliot Oswald.
As in Oswald Lumber?
Yeah, Oswald Lumber,
Oswald Beef,
Oswald Construction.
My daughter’s still in shock.
She doesn’t remember much.
Asshole busted her in the jaw
and threw her down in the dirt.
Raped her.
She’s 13 years old.
- What did the cops say?
- [ Scoffs ]
Took a report.
Hale’s out lookin’.
I want you to find him.
You bring him to me first.
Pay anything you want.
Who do you think we are,
Elliot?
Oswalds have been in this town
a lot longer than Sam Crow.
I know what you are.
[ Sighs ]
I don’t want your money.
Nobody comes into my town...
and does this
to an innocent girl.
We’ll find
the sick bastard.
But...
when I deliver him to you,
I’m gonna need to know
that justice will be served.
You get what I’m sayin’,
old friend?
[ Quietly ]
Yeah.
We got a 200K deficit
hangin’ over our heads.
Do we really, really
wanna be out there playin’
some pro bono Lone Ranger?
Guy raped
a 13-year-old.
Thirteen.
Thirteen!
I get it. I just don’t like
puttin’ my ass on the line
for some outsider.
Clay, Oswald
doesn’t give a shit
about Sam Crow.
You know, people get
jammed up in this town,
they don’t go to the cops.
They come to us.
[ Chibs ]
That’s right, us.
- And that means
somethin’ to me.
- [ Chibs Exhales ]
[ Clay ]
I don’t know.
Maybe I got somethin’
to prove with this guy.
You know, that’s my shit.
So, anybody wants to pass
on this–
[ Others Protesting ]
Oh, no way.
I’m in!
We’re in.
Absolutely.
I’m in.
I’m in too.
Guess we’re huntin’
a tot banger then.
Good.
So what do we know?
We saw a couple of guys
sportin’ Aryan ink. Not sure
if they were Darby’s guys.
And Macon Woods
is right on the Lodi border.
Darby’s got a meth shack
couple of miles from there.
Rape as retaliation.
Certainly in
the Nord wheelhouse.
Tap into the Sanwa database.
Find out which Nords get hard
for underage pussy.
- Got it.
- Bobby and I’ll
go after Darby.
What’s so urgent, Dad?
You know Leo Kessler
of Kessler Builders?
- Hi.
- Hi, Leo.
I’m kind of in the middle
of something.
We know.
We heard
about Oswald’s daughter.
Terrible thing.
What is this about?
We’re pretty sure Elliot’s been
talking to Clay Morrow.
It’s safe to assume
he’s probably looking for some,
uh, vigilante justice.
Sam Crow is looking
for the rapist?
Yes.
And if they deliver,
well, we may have a problem.
Oswald’s very close to selling
us and our investors...
two land parcels
off of County 17.
It’s over 130 acres.
Elliot loves that kid
more than anything.
God knows what he’ll do
to the guy if Clay
hands him over.
Well, it puts Elliot in bed
with Sam Crow.
And we know how Clay feels
about expansion.
You need to make sure
you find this guy first.
Due process of the law.
We all want
the same thing, Son:
Charming to grow
and prosper.
Right.
I think you two
are leaning a little heavier
on the "prosper" angle.
I gotta get back to work.
You girls
selling cookies?
We’re investigating
a sexual assault.
[ Jax ]
You serious?
Yeah.
I need to talk to all your guys
that were at the carnival
last night.
If they’re not here,
get them here now.
You think a Son
had somethin’ to do
with that rape?
Half of ’em have violent crimes
on their rap sheets.
Just following logic.
Wasn’t it just last week
four Oakland cops were busted
for prostitution and rape?
Logic tells me we should ask
where your dick was last night.
And don’t say,
"In your mama."
Officers Mann and Fain
will be taking your statements.
It could take hours.
I’m tryin’ to run
a business here.
We can do it here,
at the station house–
wherever you wanna do it.
And don’t say,
"In your mama."
[ Briefcase
Locking ]
[ Door Closes ]
Feelin’ better?
A little dopey–
[ Chuckles ]
so to speak.
When you’re feeling stronger,
I’ll take you to see your son.
[ Quietly ]
Yeah. Okay.
Has Jax been around?
I don’t know.
They said you had a friend
smuggle in that syringe of meth.
Yeah, I just signed
the affidavit.
- Hospital’s a little nervous
about the liability issues.
- I’m sure they are.
- [ Chuckling ]
- What?
The two women
who loved Jackson Teller–
[ Chuckles ]
Could we be
at more opposite ends
of the shit spectrum?
Yeah, we’re not that different.
Save it, sweetheart.
I don’t need a pep talk.
I know what I am.
So do I.
And you’re not suicidal.
You didn’t have anyone
smuggle in that dose.
- I have a pretty good idea
who might have delivered it.
- Don’t go down that road.
She the one
who injected you?
No!
I stared at that five-mil tube
for over an hour,
and then I pumped it
into my favorite vein.
- End of story.
- Why?
[ Chuckles ]
God, if you don’t know why,
then you and me...
are nothin’ alike.
[ Chatter On P.A. ]
Okay.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
Hello.
[ Man ]
Hey.
I’m– I’m glad I’m not sick.
You’re a tough doctor
to track down.
[ Dial Tone ]
You okay?
What– Yeah.
Just... work.
Oswald girl?
Uh, the end
of the hall.
Okay.
We went to get ice cream,
told her to wait
by the ride...
if it finished
before we got back.
Guy working the ride said that
she waited for a few minutes,
and then she went to the arcade.
Any reason
why she would go there?
Was she meeting someone?
Even if it seems trivial,
the smallest detail can help.
We don’t know anything else.
Sorry.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Door Closes ]
I know this is hard
on you and Karen. I–
I can’t imagine
what you’re going through.
But anger
clouds judgment,
and it makes us do things
that we end up regretting–
things that we can
never take back.
The only thing
I can never take back...
is what happened
to that little girl.
All right.
Yeah.
[ Phone Closes ]
Yo, I gotta head back
to T.M.
Charming P.D.’s
grillin’ everyone
who was at the carnival.
- Jax wants you to follow Hale,
keep tabs on him.
- F-Follow him on what?
[ Laughing ]
[ Chatter On Police Radio ]
[ Jax ]
I can’t believe these assholes
are takin’ another coffee break.
Total jerk off.
Hale must know
we’re lookin’ for the guy.
We’re gonna be here all day.
Oh.
Two double "tranquiccinos"
comin’ up.
Lookin’ at a 12-hour nap.
[ Quietly ]
Nice.
Comin’ for refills.
Fresh pot, boys.
It’s hot.
- [ Tig ]
Jackson.
- No, thank you.
[ Tig ]
Juice should be here
soon, Clay.
[ Clay ]
Sometimes he gets lost.
- [ Officer Grunts ]
- Whoa-ho-ho-ho.
- That was quick.
- Good to the last drop.
That’s so bad.
Don’t fall
on the floor.
[ All Laughing ]
[ Motorcycles
Approaching ]
[ Engines Stop ]
[ Half-Sack ]
Been talkin’ to the Fun Town
carnies for over an hour.
- [ Jax ]
Stay on him.
- [ Scooter Puttering ]
Think you guys could double up,
let me take one of your bikes?
Not unless he grows tits.
Big tits.
Huge tits.
[ Vehicle Engine
Starts, Revs ]
He’s goin’.
See this girl last night?
- Who are you?
- Concerned citizens.
And what did you just say
to that cop?
Why don’t you ask him yourself?
- ’Cause we’re askin’ you,
Uncle Vinky.
- All right. No, it’s all right.
This girl got raped
less than a mile away.
Shit like that
doesn’t happen in our town,
which points to an outsider.
And there’s not much more
outsiders than you muppets.
- [ Men Muttering ]
- Hey. Hey, it can go that way
if you want.
- What?
- [ Jax Snickers ]
[ Uncle Vinky ]
All right. Tell you
what I told the cop.
All my guys were here
powerin’ down rides,
chaining up booths.
Security guards
your town hired’ll
tell you the same thing.
[ Man ]
That’s right.
[ Man #2 ] Mm-hmm.
Wendy’s out
of detox.
Thought you’d wanna know
just in case you wanted to
bring her flowers or something.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
[ Tig ]
We got no sign
of Darby.
Looked at the cook shacks,
his house, the Dog.
Looked all over for that guy.
- Maybe he’s gone underground.
- Hey. Three of Darby’s guys
have done time for sex crimes.
Two are still in P. Bay,
other’s Johnny Yates.
Got a P.O. box in Pope.
Hey, we saw this guy
at the carnival yesterday.
Yeah.
[ Clay ] You sure?
[ Tig, Bobby Together ]
Yes.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hang on.
I’m in the middle of it, baby.
[ Gemma ]
You still lookin’ for Darby?
Yeah. Why?
He’s at the hospital.
Headin’ up to the south wing.
Thank you.
Darby’s at St. Thomas.
[ Others Murmur ]
Finish preppin’ the AK’s.
Put ’em in the duffel,
full clips.
Got it.
[ Tig ] Hey, hey.
Put these in my box.
What are they?
They’re vitamins. Vitamins.
Okay.
[ Bell Jingles ]
Give us a minute, Floyd.
I’ll give you two.
[ Quietly ]
A’ight.
Jesus Christ.
[ Bell Jingles ]
My one peaceful moment
of the day.
We need to know
where Hale’s at
with the Oswald case.
Do you have any idea
how much heat
I’m gettin’ on this?
I do anything
to compromise
this case–
I’m not askin’ you
to compromise.
Just tell us what you know.
Got nothin’–
no leads, no witnesses.
Only one who knows anything
is the girl, and she’s sayin’
she’s got no memory of it.
And Karen won’t
let anyone near her.
Guess I don’t blame her.
Probably do the same
if it was my kid.
A’ight.
[ Sighs ]
Jax, you guys cannot
screw me on this.
I don’t catch this rapist,
I’m the one under
the microscope.
That’s just bad
for all of us.
Don’t worry, Chief.
We’ll catch him.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Bell Jingles ]
Ah, shit.
Shit.
How you doin’,
Ernie?
It’s goin’ good.
How’s the beautiful queen
of bikers?
Holdin’ it together.
What brings you here?
Four packs a day
finally caught up to Mom.
Stage four lung cancer.
Sorry to hear that.
You look real good, Gemma.
Clay must be
keepin’ you happy.
Does the best he can.
Interesting new accessory.
Picked it up
on my little retreat in Chino.
It’s simple, but it says it.
Jewish doctors
keepin’ your mother alive
must love it.
That’s right. You got a little
Jew in you, don’t you?
A bit.
On the angry Russian side.
[ Motorcycles
Approaching ]
It was nice talkin’
to you, Ernie.
Gotta catch my train
back to Auschwitz.
[ Engines Stop ]
Your old lady’s
still a handful.
That she is.
My guys tellin’ me
you been lookin’ for me,
think we had somethin’ to do
with that kid getting raped
last night.
Thought crossed my mind.
Tearin’ up the daughter of
an important citizen like that–
you know, maybe that’s
your way of pissin’
on Charming ground.
When I decide to piss
on Charming, it ain’t
gonna be on a little girl.
We know about your hook-up
with the Mayans.
I’m guessing you and Alvarez
got kinda cozy in Chino.
Oh, I’m just tryin’
to learn how to get along
with my brothers of color.
Opening my mind
to bigger possibilities.
Well, don’t think too big.
A small mind suits you.
Last night, what?
What?
All my guys
were with me.
We ate at Meyers,
and we shot pool
at the Dog. Ask around.
What about Johnny Yates?
Yates? Oh, he ain’t with us.
That boy never fit in.
Pissed off Whistler one night,
shattered Johnny’s nose.
Didn’t see him again.
You do remember Whistler.
Oh, yeah, I remember him.
Don’t see him around
much anymore.
Yeah, he just fell off the face
of the earth. It’s funny
how easy that can happen.
Why don’t you and me
straighten out our business
another time?
Right now,
I need an address on Yates.
You know I ain’t gonna
rat him out to you.
Ain’t gonna happen.
Hey,
he’s got a half a dozen
sex crimes on his rap sheet.
Now if he raped that girl,
the quicker I find him,
the quicker the eyes
are off both of us.
[ Vehicle
Approaching ]
Hey, yo.
[ Engine Stops ]
His mother raised
fightin’ dogs up in Pope.
He used to stay
with her.
I think she remarried.
Last name is Chester.
Thanks.
Whatever shit you stir up,
make sure the Nords
stay clear of it.
Call Trammel. See if he can
scare up an address
on Mother Yates.
I want bodies on this.
You think, uh, Darby
could be settin’ us up?
I don’t know.
But if he does
tip off Yates,
we could be walkin’
into an angry whiteout.
[ Scooter Puttering ]
Do I even ask?
No.
No, you don’t.
♪♪ [ Man Singing Rock
On Speaker ]
Juice?
Ju–
Juice!
Get the AK’s.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Come on.
Let’s go!
♪ That’s all I got ♪
Shit.
♪ But there ain’t
no stoppin’, baby ♪
♪ You got to get it
while you can ♪
♪ If they don’t stop it, baby ♪
[ Juice Breathing Heavily ]
♪ You got to get it
while you can ♪♪
[ Snores ]
[ Dogs Barking In Distance ]
- [ Barking Continues ]
- [ Jax ]
Looks like a full house.
Men on the porch are armed.
Not sure about the ones
in the back.
You take down the ones
at the cages.
I’ll get the lookouts.
[ Chibs ]
Let’s go.
No clips.
What?
Goddamn empty.
[ Sighs ]
[ Barking Loudly ]
[ Man Singing Heavy Metal ]
♪ One, two, three, four
five fingers turn to fist ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ All the things you run from
All the things you run to ♪
♪ All the things that hide you
Fall in right behind you ♪
♪ Follow you
You follow the rest ♪
♪ Why don’t you follow me ♪
There’s no clip.
Goddamn Juice.
[ Clay ]
Back door. Counting 20.
♪ Deep inside your darkness ♪
♪ Follow you
You follow the rest ♪♪
- ♪♪ [ Soft Acoustic Guitar
On Speaker ]
- [ Chibs ] What’s goin’ on?
Bang?
I haven’t
acted out sexually
in over three years.
I mean, all of these men
will vouch for me.
I’m a saved man.
I guess we got
some bad information.
Sorry.
[ Sighs ]
A little
misunderstanding.
Forget about our little mistake,
we’ll forget about
mom’s illegal mutts.
[ Pastor ]
Not too late
for you men.
And Jesus Christ,
our Lord and Savior,
can save you.
He can deliver you from
all your transgressions.
Ah, I appreciate
your zeal, Padre,
but my transgressions–
All I got left.
[ Tig ]
Amen.
[ Jax, Others Join ]
♪ Kumbaya, my Lord ♪
♪ Kumbaya ♪
♪ Kumbaya, my Lord, Kumbaya ♪♪
[ Clay ]
Better get outta here.
They think they’re
protecting her by building
a wall around her.
Tristen needs to talk
to somebody.
Mmm. And I need something–
anything–
to help catch this guy so
we’re not doing this again
with another girl.
I know Karen needs to sign
some insurance forms. I’ll–
I’ll try to get an admin
to keep her busy for a while.
Thank you.
I need a favor too.
It’s more of a question really.
[ Chuckling ]
It’s gonna sound very dramatic.
Okay.
If I had a restraining order
against someone in another city,
would it still be valid
if I went someplace else?
That all depends.
Every state’s
a little different.
You think this someone
might be coming here?
No. No,
I doubt it.
There was this guy I dated...
during my internship in Chicago.
Things got weird.
He got a little–
It’s hard to explain.
You wanna give me his name?
I’ll run it through the system.
No, that’s okay.
I’m just being paranoid.
How long ago
did you get the R.O.?
About six or seven months ago.
I’ll make
some general calls, okay?
See if it’s still
in play out here.
Thanks.
[ Footsteps Departing ]
[ Sighs ]
What the hell
are you doing here?
Somethin’ to brighten up
your room.
I understand you
and the old girlfriend
have become buddies.
[ Button Beeping ]
It’s a little late
for the panic button.
I didn’t say anything to anyone.
That’s smart.
No one would
believe you anyhow–
that whole... junkie thing.
All I did was give you
an option, sweetheart.
You’re the one who took
the coward’s way out.
[ Scoffs ]
Couldn’t even do that right.
We all can’t be rocks like you,
Mother Gemma.
I don’t know how you do it.
What’s that?
Keep all the lies
straight–
all the dirty
little secrets buried.
[ Scoffs ]
God, your conscience
must be locked up
real tight.
Nothing gets in the way
of me taking care of my family–
especially my conscience.
But then you obviously
can’t grasp that,
bein’ a baby killer and all.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Woman ]
Need something, sweetie?
Just some water
for these flowers.
Don’t want ’em
dyin’ on us.
[ Door Opens,
Closes ]
[ Hale ] She holds the key–
[ Karen ]
I did not give you permission...
to question my daughter.
I wasn’t questioning her, ma’am.
I was just seeing
how she was feeling.
Bullshit. I am not
gonna let you people
traumatize her again.
You leave her the hell alone.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
What an idiot.
Probably thought
it was speed.
I want somethin’
very special.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, yeah.
"...two wheels that I found.
And ride like the wind
while his wheels
go around"–
I’ll be back.
Hey.
Thought you guys
were on the hunt.
[ Sighs ] Hit a dead end.
The junkie’s awake.
Don’t call her that.
[ Sighs ]
All right.
[ Quietly ] Sorry.
You think he can
really hear you?
Yeah.
I do.
[ Door Closes ]
Mmm.
Did you find
the guy?
Mm-mmm. No, not yet.
We need you to talk
to your daughter again.
Tristen doesn’t remember
anything after the ride.
Gotta dig a little deeper.
I mean, we need somethin’.
The guy have a car?
Was he black, was he white?
She’s still in shock.
All right, Karen just
wants her to rest.
Look, man.
Tristen’s our only shot
at finding this asshole.
If you want our help–
I’ll talk to Karen.
You find him.
[ Door Slams ]
Hi, sweetie.
[ Door Closes ]
You feelin’ any better?
I guess there’s a lot of people
askin’ you questions.
[ Beeping ]
My mom told me to text her
if anyone... tried to–
Uh, it’s okay, honey.
Your mom and I
are old friends.
She told me everything.
I am so sorry
that happened to you.
She told you?
Don’t worry, baby.
It’s gonna be okay.
[ Door Closes ]
Had a little conversation
with Tristen.
What?
Why would you be talking
to my daughter?
I told her I knew
about the secret.
She seemed relieved.
What the hell
did you say to her?
She remembers everything,
doesn’t she?
You don’t want the trial,
messy press.
Just wanna sweep it
under the rug.
Don’t you judge me.
I’m not judging you.
You don’t know me.
And I got no idea
what it’s like to be you.
But I know something
about burying the truth.
And it is a burden
that you never want
to put on a kid.
Tristen has to know
that this really happened.
Make her hide it,
lie about it–
it’ll come back and shit
on every relationship
she ever has.
That rich, happy life
you’ve worked so hard
to give her–
you just kiss it good-bye.
If they arrest this guy,
everyone puts a face
to the crime,
and then it becomes real.
And for the rest
of her life in Charming,
she’s not gonna be Tristen.
She’s gonna be
the girl who was raped
at Fun Town.
Sweetheart,
in her head,
she’ll always be
the girl who was raped
at Fun Town.
Only thing worse
than everyone knowing–
[ Sobs ]
is no one knowing.
[ Exhales ]
Karen Oswald came clean.
One of the carny guys
raped Tristen–
fat guy dressed
like a clown.
Jesus.
Does Hale know?
Not yet,
but I can’t stop her
from tellin’ him.
Shit.
[ Quietly ]
Thanks, Mom.
Goddamn it.
[ Men Laughing ]
[ Switch Bangs ]
[ Man Coughs ]
Right now.
Hear you guys
are harboring
a fugitive.
What are you
gonna do about it?
Citizen’s arrest.
[ Man ]
Get him! Get him! Get him!
[ Muttering ]
Bobby, Chibs, find him!
Shit.
Shut up.
Clay, we got him!
Let’s go.
[ Bobby ]
Let’s go!
Let’s go.
Get up. Jax, come on.
Come on. Come on.
[ Half-Sack Laughing ]
Yeah!
[ Chatter On Police Radio ]
What happened here?
Nothin’.
[ Men Coughing ]
Find him!
[ Whimpering,
Muffled ]
- [ Whimpering Continues ]
- Shut up.
Here’s the scumbag,
raped your little girl.
[ Protesting, Muffled ]
Cattle guys call this
an "Elsie maker."
[ Continues Protesting ]
It’s used to cut the balls
off of bulls.
Strip him.
[ Muffled Screaming,
Shouting ]
[ Bobby ]
God, what is that? Oh.
[ Elliot ]
Jesus.
He deserves
every second
of the pain.
[ Continues Shouting,
Screaming, Muffled ]
What do you wanna do here,
Elliot?
- We had a deal.
- [ Bobby ]
Oh, Jesus.
[ Sighs ]
[ Knife Hits Ground ]
I’m sorry.
[ Whimpering ]
I’m sorry. I–
[ Hoarsely, Quietly ]
I-I can’t– I–
[ Car Door Closes ]
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Muffled ]
Oh, no. Please.
[ Car Departing ]
[ Muffled Shouting,
Screaming Resumes ]
- Hold him still.
- Clay!
[ Continues
Muffled Screaming ]
[ Flesh Tearing ]
[ Screaming Loudly ]
[ Fluid Spattering ]
[ Screaming Slows, Stops ]
- [ Clay ]
Let him bleed out.
- Holy shit. Holy shit.
Bury him in the woods.
Mark the grave.
Pick those up
and gift wrap ’em.
Put this in a bag.
Make sure you don’t touch it.
It’s got Oswald’s prints
all over it.
What the hell are we doin’ here?
Takin’ out some
real estate insurance.
Makin’ sure
Oswald doesn’t sell off
those tracts of lumber acreage.
So you knew this was comin’.
Whether Oswald had the nerve
or not, this whole hunt
was about blackmail.
Well, actually,
the leverage was just
a fortunate by-product...
of my community spirit.
Hey. You want me
to be your number two,
protect this club?
Then I gotta know
where you’re takin’ us,
otherwise, there’s no trust.
And if you and me
don’t trust each other,
Sam Crow has got a problem.
If Oswald’s land
goes commercial,
that means
housing developments.
Population rises,
brings more cops, more state
and federal involvement.
Charming goes Disney,
and Sam Crow gets
squeezed out by the most
dangerous gang of all:
old white money.
Now you know.
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
When we take action
to avenge the ones we love,
personal justice collides
with social and divine justice.
We become judge, jury and God.
With that choice
comes daunting responsibility.
Some men cave under that weight.
Others abuse the momentum.
The true outlaw
finds the balance between
the passion in his heart...
and the reason in his mind.
His solution is always
an equal mix of might and right.
Here’s all that stuff
you requested,
Agent Kohn.
Only thing that flagged
in Charming was an outlaw
M.C. charter, Sons of Anarchy.
No charges in over five years,
but past offenses have been
smuggling and gun running.
[ Phone Rings In Distance ]
Thanks.
Okay.
[ Phone Rings In Distance ]
[ Elevated Train Passing
In Distance ]
[ Voices Chattering,
Laughing On TV ]
[ Volume
Switches Off ]
I don’t want you
hurtin’ yourself, Wendy.
Not over this.
What happened to Abel’s
not your fault.
Oh, yeah. I’m powerless.
[ Chuckles ]
That bullshit excuse
is even getting old to me.
[ Sniffles ]
It’s not that.
Us getting back together–
I knew that would turn bad.
I didn’t want to be married.
No way I was ready
for a kid.
When you got pregnant,
I hated you.
Hated that you
gave him a name.
So I bailed.
Him born tweakin’,
his belly hanging out,
that’s on me, babe.
[ Sobs Quietly, Sniffles ]
[ Gasps ]
Oh, Jesus!
He’s so small.
[ Sobbing ]
He’s so small, Jax.
What did I do?
[ Inhales ]
Oh, I’m–
Oh, I’m so sorry,
little boy.
I’m so sorry.
[ Sobs Quietly ]
Jesus.
[ Sniffles ]
Now what?
Well, he stays in that toaster
till he can throw a punch.
We ship your ass
off to rehab...
again.
[ Sniffles, Strains ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sobs ]
Thank you, Jax. Thank you.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sobs ]
Hey, idiot.
Wake up.
You must’ve really pissed off
your buddies.
Oh, shit.
Mm-hmm.
Come on.
Get outta here before I slap
an indecent exposure on you.
Oh–
[ Strains ]
I’m sorry, Chief.
I’m not sure what, uh–
I gotta go. Um,
I’m late
for my 8:00 feeding.
Uh-huh.
Ow. Oh.
[ Metal Door Creaks ]
[ Kohn ]
Officer!
Yes.
- Agent Kohn, A.T.F.,
Chicago Three Division.
- Deputy Chief Hale.
What brings you here?
Been working an interstate
weapons case.
Outlaw crew in your town
may be involved–
Sons of Anarchy?
Welcome to Charming.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]